Port SmartDashboard Stale Data section (#531)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/wpilib-tools/smartdashboard/displaying-expressions.rst

.. todo:: add references

Widgets are populated on the SmartDashboard automatically, no user intervention is required. Note that the widgets are only populated when the value is first written, you may need to enable your robot in a particular mode or trigger a particular code routine for an item to appear. To alter the appearance of the widget, see the next two sections Changing the Display Properties of a Value and Changing the Display Widget Type for a Value.

Stale Data
----------
SmartDashboard uses NetworkTables for communicating values between the robot and the driver station laptop. Network Tables acts as a distributed table of name and value pairs. If a name/value pair is added to either the client (laptop) or server (robot) it is replicated to the other. If a name/value pair is deleted from, say, the robot but the SmartDashboard or OutlineViewer are still running, then when the robot is restarted, the old values will still appear in the SmartDashboard and OutlineViewer because they never stopped running and continue to have those values in their tables. When the robot restarts, those old values will be replicated to the robot.

> To ensure that the SmartDashboard and OutlineViewer are showing exactly the same values, it is necessary to restart all of them at the same time. That way, old values that one is holding won't get replicated to the others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that the SmartDashboard and OutlineViewer are showing current values, it is necessary to restart the network table clients and robot at the same time. That way, old values that one is holding won't get replicated to the others.
```
